DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"BAKUAN STALL\"
[door opens]
I'll be right with you.
'Kay... one non-fat expresso...
Sorry for the wait, guys...
but here you go...
Excuse me...
but, do you hear the fire alarm?
Uh... no. Why?
'Cause... you're smokin'!
ALL: Smokin' HOT!
[laughter]
Easy boys!
[thinking] Hmmm, I wonder if I told Runo
that my grandfather is HAL-G
would she ever speak to me again?
Oh, I wish I could tell someone... anyone!
Oh wow...
that waitress is sure good for business...
Your place is packed!
It's just too bad I can't say the same thing
about your food!
[laughter]
You're a regular comedian, aren't ya?
Listen up...
Not so loud, my daughter Runo might hear ya!
Runo. You seem so distant.
What has you troubled?
SHUN: Game over!
Help Mother!
[screams]
Game over!
At least for you it is.
Oh Runo...
Huh?
You have a second to talk?
Uh... what about?
Oh. Uhhhhh...
Shun...are you alright?
I don't know.
.BAKU-POD: Dan, ranked 97 of 100
What?
What's Runo doing in there,
how did she move up so fast?
And, at number one for the most consecutive weeks
as a jerk- Masquerade!
Shun?
You're really letting yourself go,
slipping into sixth place.
Dan, Is it true that he was number one
before Masquerade came along and beat everyone?
Yah, he ruled the game.
Until he dropped the ball and never bothered
to picked it up again.
He no longer battles Bakugan?
Yeah...
DAN: Shun and I used to be the best of friends.
We did absolutely everything together.
You couldn't tear us apart.
And when Bakugan started up,
we were the ones who laid down the law
and wrote the rules together.
Shun was lead in breaking down all the moves.
Okay, how about for the wind attribute;
we invent a backdraft ability to force out
any opponent left standing on the battle field?
Totally blowing away the competition.
DAN: He was on a roll.
And then he started pulling this disappearing act.
Sometimes leaving right in the middle of a jam session.
Well Shun? What'd yah think?
Sorry.
I have to go now.
Uh-But-Shun?
Yah know, it was weird,
like something changed in him
when his mom went into the hospital.
Shun, I wish you wouldn't beat yourself up over this.
[beeping]
Mom, you okay?
Oh, Shun?
You're here?
Yes.
Shun?
Yes?
Could you...go get my purse?
I have something...
that I've been saving that I think you'll like.
But...
I don't...
Just give my purse, silly...
But I don't want anything...
Yes, I know...
but sometimes a mother wants to give her son
a gift just because she loves him...
Now go home and get my purse
before I get all emotional...
You're such a good boy...
SHUN: Boy, I wish my mom
would quit worrying about me so much
and look after herself.
She practically does everything for me
and now when she needs me the most,
she's still trying to make sure I'm happy.
Man, I feel so useless...
When she gets out of here,
I've gotta step up to the plate...
[chiming noise]
Shun! Still there?
Stop goofing off and get back here now!
Things are gonna change under my house rules!
SHUN: No, he's not the boss of me.
[panting]
He makes me so mad!
GRANDPA: Things are gonna change under my house rules.
If I had my way,
he would spend less time playing with his friends
and more time studying to be a real warrior!
SHUN: Change of plans old man.
[beeping]
It looks like... she's stabilized.
Shun.
You finally came back.
Didn't think you'd have the guts to show up...
...since you're so out of practice.
Still ready to play?
Oh I'm game...question is are you?
Field Open!
[beeping]
Gate Card! Set!
Look what I have here.
It's your name...and it's spelled out \"loser\".
Bakugan Brawl!
Saurus Stand!
Bring it on!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ravenoid Stand!
What?
All talk and no show again?
Fine then I'll start!
But, first, I need some reinforcements.
Been a while since we've had face time.
Glorious Stand!
BAKU-POD: Ravenoid 310, Glorious 290 Gs.
Ability Card Activate- Bring up Fire!
BAKU-POD: Ravenoid decrease 50 Gs.
Dude, you are so going down!
And let this be a lesson in the mastery
of ultimate kung fu moves.
Humph!
Not so fast grasshopper!
Gate Card!
Open!
BAKU-POD: Ravenoid up 100 Gs.
What?
Awh!
Keep Rollin'! Hot shot!
Gate Card!
Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Falconeer Stand!
DAN: Again no first strike?
What is this, chess?
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Griffon Stand!
Battle Begin!
Gate Card! Open!
BAKU-POD: G level up 100.
Agh!
Amateur!
Ability Card Activate!
There!
Ball's in your court!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ravenoid Stand!
Arrrgh! Don't just stand there!
Move!
Hey!
Quit stalling and show me you got game!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon Stand!
DAN: What is up with him?
He should be wiping the floor with me by now.
Then wringing me out and wiping again.
But we're just butting heads?
Somethin's goin' down.
Gate Card! Open!
BAKU-POD: Gs approaching 520.
DAN: Still slacking off?
This is one messed up game plan!
More action comin' up!
Let the real games begin!
Come on Shun!
Let's brawl!
Bakugan Brawl!
What?
You gotta be kidding me?
Oh well!
Bring it on!
Ability Card!
Activate!
Okay, how about for the wind attribute;
we invent a backdraft ability to force out any opponent
left standing on the battle field?
Totally blowing away the competition.
What is up?
Is blowing me off part of your strategy?
I have my reasons.
Why, are you getting tired?
Yah! Tired of you goofin' around!
Saurus stand!
Ability Card! Activate!
Backdraft!
What the heck?
Are you trying to trick me!
Just keep playing...
'cause I don't ever wanna stop.
But...
Why?
What's going on?
Let it go.
You wouldn't understand.
Oh, come on!
Look, it can't be that bad.
We can talk after we finish the game.
No don't, if my mom stays in the hospital
it's game over for me...
That is, if my grandfather has any say.
So stop stalling and keep playing!
Ravenoid stand!
Gate Card! Open!
But why?
All we're doing is shadow boxing.
This isn't even a real game.
You're just using me to avoid your stupid grandpa.
But what's worse is your mom's paying for it.
[gasp]
There!
[beeping]
Arrh!
No, he's wrong!
I must continue the game.
Argh!
He has the Pyrus Saurus...
concentrate...
I'l l use the air battle ability.
Whatever it takes.
Hey, your little plan isn't working,
so just throw in the towel and go, 'kay?
Bakugan...
erh...ah...
Brawl!
Huh!
I over shot!
Gate Card! Open!
I think its game over for both of us.
Oh geeze, finally after 2 hours the perfect spot!
Uhgh!
What the!
-Da-an?
Dad- Quick!
To the hospital!
[engine revving]
[brakes squealing]
Thanks Dad!
Hunh? Shun?
He'll be here shortly...
At least I brought you your purse.
Mom!
Hunh?
Mom?
Shun.
What took you so long?
I was just about to go under...
Thank goodness you made it...
Gasp!
Sleepy...
Don't worry, son, your mother will be fine.
Shun.
The doctor's right, Shun, I'm be fine.
You go home and Grandpa will look after you.
But here, I've got something for you...
It's what I wanted to give you...
I know it's what you really love, Shun...
Now go have some fun...
Hmmm? Really?
You wanted to give me a Bakugan?
Well duh!
But you are not going to get a chance to play with it
because you'll be practicing Ninja moves with me!
And under my house rules
you'll be coming home from school and staying home.
None of this disappearing act.
And none of that Bakugan Business either!
Do you hear me?
Now it makes sense... why it was so important.
She knew all along
that Bakugan is what I really wanted to do.
Man, how could I have been so blind?
I guess sometimes you just have to listen to your gut...
SKYRESS: So what's your plan now, Shun?
SHUN: My Grandpa wants me to be a 'Ninja Superstar'
like him...
But why did you shut out your friends?
You love to battle.
And one day soon you will.
Shun?
Shun are you even listening to me?
Well, the day will come
when you must make up your mind.
I'm sure you'll make the right decision...
That is an unfortunate story.
Yah, sure is.
I still haven't seen him.
Or heard from him for that matter.
Folks say he just moved in with Grandpa
and then disappeared.
Never to touch a single Bakugan ever again...
as far as I know...
I think.
Anyway the game won't miss a no show has-been,
and neither will I.
MASQUERADE: Perfect.
More battlers are joining daily
but which Bakugan holds the highest power level?
Filter on.
Excellent, my Hydranoid is still in the lead.
HAL-G!
Of course you're in first place.
All these so called battlers you send out
keep getting beaten.
Explain yourself, for Dan and his crew
are gaining considerably in power.
I have my reasons.
Those kids were just disposable pawns
in our overall strategy.
They gave of themselves willing
out of their own greed.
And their sacrifice will help us create
the ultimate in opponents.
We need the highest evolved Bakugan
to get to the infinity core.
And, as you know, the more power you achieve
the more evolved you become.
We need to pool our resources into one central entity.
And so what if it is Dan's?
He's so cocky and sure of himself,
he'd be willing to blow it all in one shot;
he wouldn't see it coming 'til it was too late.
But making one player so powerful could prove fatal.
And Naga is anxious for one loss in particular.
[growling]
NAGA: The fate of doom must be sealed
for that little Snake in the Grass.
Snake in the grass?
He speaks of Pyrus Dragonoid,
the one they call Drago.
For some reason he has a grudge
against this particular Bakugan.
So this calls for, a different kind of player.
A battler they'll never suspect.
And I know the perfect one.
The perfect one!
[evil laugh]
This is Dan!
Filling you in on the DL for what's coming up!
Did Runo and Marucho really loose it with Shun?
I mean battle wise...
Has my old friend Shun finally got back in the game?
Or he has become a card carrying member
of club Masquerade?
Either way I couldn't let it go without a fight.
Get ready for some serious brawlin'
coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
So are you in?